Designed System:

The skeleton of the bear was designed to be the least intrusive possible, while still providing stability and support for mechanical components. The skeleton consisted of a plastic rod (Ultra High Molecular Weight Polyethylene) attached to a round base plate. The base plate helped the bear to not fall over. The rod was in place of a spine for the bear, and supported the weight of the arm servos, which were attached at the top and acted as shoulder joints. Plastic arms were attached to the servo motors which allowed the entire arm to move when the servo was actuated. After trimming down the size of the skeleton multiple times, it met our goals of being supportive without taking away the softness of the bear.

The ear servos were designed with a paddle that fit into the ear of the bear. The servos were light enough that they could be sewn to the inside of the head of the bear without weighing it down. The light sensor was also attached to the head of the bear at the crown. We were able to make a small hole in the seam and hot glue the sensor in place flush with the surface of the bear. The light sensor was extremely small and exceeded our expectations in terms of visibility.

The proximity sensor had both UV and IR detection, which allowed us to sew it into the inside chest of the bear so it could not be seen. The proximity sensor was accurate and output repeatable data, but it would sense proximity in all directions, not just straight ahead. This presented a problem because if the head of the bear was pushed down, the sensor would register its closeness and the bear would start to play a song.

To protect the soldered wire connections, we made a case that enclosed the Arduino board and the servo shield with openings for power attachment, servo attachment, connections to a Raspberry Pi, and an opening for the soldered wires to exit. The case was designed by a user on Thingiverse.com and printed at the ME Checkout room in CB 154. It was a snug fit on our system and was effective in protecting the wiring.


System Analysis:

The Arduino wiring was sufficient to complete all the tasks, until the light sensor soldering failed. After re-soldering the sensor to the micro-controller, it no longer worked. The system was difficult to repair in this regard.

The servo shield was powered by AA batteries in series. Although it required 6 volts (4 batteries) it didn’t work until 7.5 volts were used, but the servos stopped running smoothly when 9 volts were attached. The voltage supply was very trial-and-error.

The skeleton did not require any calculations for material strength because the loads seen were so insignificant.

HCI-
The utility of the bear is good; with the only drawback being it is not as soft/cuddly as the user might want. The learnability and memorability of our bear is outstanding, which is important since the user base will be young children. The feedback and mapping of our bear are also excellent. Everything the user does gives some sort of feedback either mechanically or audibly, and the sensors are in intuitive locations (chest and head).

The negative aspects of our bear are visibility and affordance. The button and sensors are either not visible or very well hidden, which was done on purpose so the bear does not look creepy, however this makes it difficult for the user to know what to do next. The sensors also don’t allow people to know how to use them. Even if a child saw the light sensor, he would not know what to do with it to make the bear do something. 
